compute: add encryption at host (#8134)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/linux_virtual_machine.html.markdown

-> **NOTE:** When an `admin_password` is specified `disable_password_authentication` must be set to `false`.

> * `encryption_at_host_enabled` - (Optional) Should Azure encrypt the data stored on the VM host at rest and flows encrypted to the Storage service.

Reviewer: The Azure API uses slightly different terminology for this:

> This will enable the encryption for all the disks including Resource/Temp disk at host itself

could we make this:

```suggestion
* `encryption_at_host_enabled` - (Optional) Should all of the disks (including the temp disk) attached to this Virtual Machine be encrypted by enabling Encryption at Host?
```

WDYT?
